documents placeholder search (#417)
meilisearch/documentation: guides/main_concepts/search.md

[Faceted search](/guides/advanced_guides/faceted_search.md) is a feature provided out-of-the-box by MeiliSearch. It allows you to classify search results into categories and to build intuitive navigation interfaces.

### Placeholder Search

> Placeholder returns documents sorted by the [ranking rules](/guides/advanced_guides/settings.md#ranking-rules) specified by the user, without any query words. It is compatible with facetting and filtering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Placeholder returns documents sorted by the [ranking rules](/guides/advanced_guides/settings.md#ranking-rules) specified by the user, without inputting any query words. It is compatible with faceting and filtering.
```
